we've returned to the jungles of
southern beliefs where the
Jaguar rules the night once the
ancient Mayans believed that
stars were spots on the big
cat's coat at one with the
evening sky as it stopped
through the shadows
tonight this fierce proud hunter
is stalking a young crocodiles
the Jaguar is the largest and
most powerful cat in the Western
Hemisphere and third-largest
overall only lions and tigers
bigger Jaguars are comfortable
in the water in fact they're one
of the few cats who enjoy one
the average male Jaguar weighs
200 pounds and lives 12 to 15
years in the wild
it's an endangered species
mainly because of the skin trade
and habitat destruction
this Jaguar is displaying a
lethal self-confidence as
efficient for crock
not much question is gonna win
this battle
time to close the deal
yeah
it's not hard to see how the
Jaguar got its name it's from
the Guarani Indian word Jaguar
ax meaning beast that captures
its prey in a single bound